[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
And we've got a great program
in store for you today.
Our special guest is someone
who's been on our radio program
quite often, David Sereda.
David is a mystic,
but he's a producer.
He's a director.
He investigates a
lot of the unknown.
David, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>DAVID SEREDA: It's
great to be here
in person with you, George.
>>NOORY: Finally,
after how many shows?
Radio shows?
>>SEREDA: 30, 33, 35.
>>NOORY: You will
have brought us
something kind of
intriguing, which we're going
to talk about in just a second.
It's what you call the
Staff of Moses, basically.
>>SEREDA: The Staff of Moses,
Isis, and all of the prophets
coming forward to Jesus
actually being a staff holder,
the 12 disciples
being staff holders,
then going forward to
Merlin and the 12 knights
of the roundtable.
Their staffs become swords.
But the secret is in the length
and the frequency of the staff.
>>NOORY: This is
made out of metal.
>>SEREDA: This is made out
of brass which is probably--
the Staff of Moses, according
to the ancient Kabbalah,
it comes from the
Garden of Eden.
And God creates it on the
sixth day of the creation
in their mythology.
And then it goes
through the prophets.
From Enoch would have
been the first prophet who
was taken in a whirlwind and was
actually taken aboard a crystal
spaceship where he meets God,
the God of the ancient Hebrews.
So God creates the Staff
and gives it to him.
And then it goes
through Abraham.
It goes to Isaac,
goes to Joseph.
The Joseph of ancient Egypt.
>>NOORY: They just handed
it down to each other?
>>SEREDA: And they always had
12 staffs for the 12 tribe
members.
And the Staff lays in the
Ark of the Covenant, which
is the secret to its power--
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>SEREDA: --how
it gets recharged
and how it acts as a distributed
antenna to keep all of the 12
in constant communication
with each other and with God.
>>NOORY: See, I always
thought the Staff was just
a piece of wood.
It was not, I guess.
>>SEREDA: It actually
contained 10 sapphires.
10 sapphires, like this would
be the head of the Staff here.
And this actually
has 10 sapphires.
You can hold that in your hand.
Right?
You can see it on the other
side with the 10 sapphires
on the top.
And the sapphires, what's
interesting about sapphires
is NASA uses lab grown
sapphires and rubies for masers.
And what a maser does is it
benefits radio astronomy,
because it purifies the bands of
microwaves for radio astronomy.
So it's interesting when you
attach sapphires and gems
to an antenna,
but we think of it
more of as a royalty symbol
when actually it's an antenna.
>>NOORY: Well, let's look at
your explanation of the Staff
as an antenna.
[BEGIN PLAYBACK]
- We are exploring a new theory
that the Staff of Moses, Aaron,
Jesus, Muhammad Merlin,
and Arthur, as well as
divine feminine prophetess
as such as Isis, Sarah,
Mary Magdalene, and more,
that their staffs were
used as an electrical
antenna designed
to amplify the electricity
of the human nervous system
into a divine radio
signal, telepathy to God.
Doing a simple
experiment, when we
get a weak signal
on the radio and we
place our hands on the
antenna, the signal
mysteriously improves.
[MUSIC - JOHN DENVER, "ROCKY
MOUNTAIN HIGH"] (SINGING)
--serenity of a clear
blue mountain lake.
And the Colorado
rocky mountain high,
I've seen it raining
fire in the sky.
- This is scientific
proof that we
are likened to an antenna
that receives messages
from the beyond.
It was proven by German
physicist Fritz-Albert Popp
that the human DNA transmits
and receives radio waves.
This proves the hypothesis
that humans can interface
with radio frequency antennas.
For the Staff of Legends
we are speaking of
to be an actual antenna,
we have to know its length.
With the exact length, we can
determine the radio frequency
of the gods.
This is because the
height of an antenna,
using positive and
negative charge today,
is equal to half a wavelength.
The length of the
antenna or staff times 2
equals a full wavelength.
The frequency of an
antenna is calculated
with a simple formula--
the speed of light in inches
divided by the full wavelength
of the antenna.
So if we know the length
of the Staff of Moses
and the other
legends in inches, we
can know the frequency
they used to talk to God.
What a great revelation
this could be.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: David, did Moses
know the power of the Staff
or was he just using it?
>>SEREDA: Well,
the way it starts
with the prophets is
they herd the sheep
and they bond with it first.
So when you start--
if I hold this.
And this staff
here is plugged in.
>>NOORY: That's pretty
heavy, too, by the way.
>>SEREDA: It's pretty heavy.
So you can imagine him
walking around with this,
because Moses' Staff,
according to legend,
had the 10 sapphires.
And it would probably be
a conductor like brass,
because the Egyptians had brass.
Or it could have been even
gold, because gold is actually
the best conductor.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SEREDA: Right?
So as soon as I hold this staff,
because I have electricity
in my nervous system, we can
measure voltage and current
on our fingertips
and our earlobes.
And any electrical system,
such as the human body is,
that has resistance
means it has an aura.
It means it has
a magnetic field.
So scientists who say that
the human body doesn't
have an aura--
I mean a lot of
them tell me this
because I've worked with
classical physicists--
>>NOORY: They're wrong.
>>SEREDA: You're wrong,
because if you have resistance,
you have an aura.
So if you hold this staff,
George, just for a second.
What starts to happen--
I'm going to demonstrate on
this radio frequency reader--
that you are actually--
you can hear the alarm
on this thing go off.
I'll turn the volume up.
>>NOORY: I'm going to hold it?
>>SEREDA: No.
You can't hold it because you'll
become part of the circuit.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>SEREDA: See the meter even on
your hands here is going crazy.
Now if you let go of
the Staff and then we
put the meter near you,
it's not doing anything.
The needle is going to nowhere.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SEREDA: So as soon as you
plug into a charged staff,
you are now part of
the antenna which
is expanding your actual aura.
So your aura is getting
bigger which means
your telepathy is increasing.
But because we know
that this staff--
because it's a monopole staff--
times four the speed of light
in inches divided
by this in inches--
if you know the correct
inches for the Staff of Moses,
then you have the
frequency that Moses
and the prophets used
to communicate with God.
And possibly, God is in--
what the prophets tell us from
Ezekiel and the giant wheels
and what the Book of
Enoch tells us-- is God
was traveling in this
big crystal spaceship.
Right?
>>NOORY: Right.
We're assuming
that we're dealing
with an extraterrestrial here.
>>SEREDA: Beyond Earth, right?
A god that is above and
observing the earth from above.
So right now, I have
the sacred frequency
of the pyramid capstone
base going through your body
right now.
And so what's
happening is if you
take the capstone of
the Great Pyramid,
the unfinished platform, it's
572 point something inches
times four sides.
And the theory that the
pyramid is a giant crystal
oscillator generating
electromagnetic signals--
>>NOORY: Basically.
>>SEREDA: What's that?
>>NOORY: A power plant.
>>SEREDA: A power plant to
generate frequencies not
to light a light bulb.
What people call the
Dendera light bulb,
I believe was an
inductor transmitter.
So it has a cord.
The Dendera light
bulb has a cord.
And it has these giant humans,
gods, holding the wand.
What I believe the Dendera
was is an actual wand.
And you see these small
humans holding hands
in kind of ceremony
underneath it.
Right?
And what that means is if
this was a giant light bulb,
they would all be blinded.
Right?
>>NOORY: That bright.
>>SEREDA: It would
be too bright.
So what I believe
they're doing is
they're doing exactly what
I'm doing to you right now is
they're inducting sacred
frequencies into the recipients
to activate the Kundalini of
their own spiritual antenna.
>>NOORY: Now is this
what Moses used,
David, to part the Red Sea?
>>SEREDA: See?
Exactly.
So what I am saying
in this thesis
is because the Staff is--
we know in Hebrews
9:4 in the Bible
that the Staff lay inside
the Ark of the Covenant.
And we know in Numbers
17 in the books of Moses,
that the Staff was
proportional to the Ark.
So if we know the
length of the Ark,
we know the length of the Staff.
>>NOORY: It fit right in there.
>>SEREDA: It would
fit right in there.
But it would mean it's
the same frequency
as the Ark of the Covenant.
And this is a great,
great secret here.
Because if the Ark
of the Covenant
was theoretically an
electrical capacitor
and it belonged inside
of the Great Pyramid--
which I can fulfill and prove--
then it acted as the charge
in the pyramid in the King's
Chamber to activate
the electrons
to spin in square waves all the
way up and down the pyramid.
>>NOORY: Without the Staff.
>>SEREDA: But no, the
Staffs were inside the Ark,
because that was the charge.
>>NOORY: If you didn't have the
Staff there, what would happen?
>>SEREDA: Then you would
have no charge in the Ark.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>SEREDA: You see--
>>NOORY: So you need this.
>>SEREDA: The theory is if you
have the stones, the tablets,
in the Ark, if they were
made of a radioactive granite
like you find in
Egypt, they would
emit an ionizing radiation.
And the radiation would
get trapped in the Ark.
And therefore the Ark would
have a certain amount of power.
But with the rods, with the 12
staffs of Moses, Aaron, and--
>>NOORY: Like this.
>>SEREDA: Like this,
with the sapphires,
then the Ark of the Covenant
would be so powerful,
but so would the staffs.
But they operate at
the same frequency.
So that means if there's two
staffs, if I have a staff,
the same wavelength
size as yours,
then we are in radio
communication with each other.
Because the way an antenna
works is any two oscillators,
whether they are
crystal oscillators
or they're antennas at the
same wavelength, therefore
the same height, they are
in instant communication
with each other.
>>NOORY: Now when you say in
communication with each other,
what do you mean by that?
>>SEREDA: Radio communication.
Because your spine is calcium
and calcium is a metal.
So therefore, it's a conductor,
your spine is an antenna.
But you're now interfacing
with a more powerful antenna
that is actually drawing off
of all of the pyramid power.
Now remember Tesla who is
the father of the Tesla coil.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SEREDA: And that the
Staff of Moses and Aaron
had the serpent, the coil.
The serpent is really
the symbol of the coil.
>>NOORY: Do some people have
higher readings than others?
>>SEREDA: Probably
because of a combination
of what you're made of, like
what your body's actually
made of, the
chemistry in your body
and also your state of
spiritual development, right?
So what I'm saying is when
Tesla built the Wardenclyffe
Tower in Long
Island, New York, he
was going to transmit power
wirelessly via antenna
receivers--
>>NOORY: To the world.
>>SEREDA: --to the world.
So if the pyramid was a
crystal oscillator generating
frequencies and the Staff
is proportional to the Ark.
And the Ark is
proportional to the Staff,
then the staff holder
becomes more powerful
because their body electric
receives the pyramid power.
So it's funny in
Christianity that there's
no knowledge other than the
earliest Christian art showing
Jesus with the Bachal
Isu, the Staff.
But most Christians don't equate
Jesus to being a staff holder.
But he is.
And Jesus is-- it's interesting
because his antenna height,
if you take the Shroud of Turin,
we know the height of Jesus.
>>NOORY: Right
Assuming it's him.
And it probably is.
>>SEREDA: Assuming it's him.
And it's now been authenticated
to be cloth from the time
period of Christ, he's
exactly the same height as me,
about 72 inches and
a smidgen higher.
The number 72 is also
very, very significant.
And that is that there were 72
lesser disciples than Christ.
And if we go back to the old Old
Testament, the 72 names of God
in the ancient Kabbalah,
in the ancient Hebrew,
the number 72 is very mystical.
So that means the height
of your body and your spine
is your staff.
I mean, I wrote a
book with my wife
called "God's Great Pyramid."
And the mathematics when we
get to the simple measurement
of the inch and the
royal cubit inch
and we perfect
that, what we find
is that human language
is like up here.
And we will say the name of God
like the ancient Hebrews would
say.
You can't say it, because
there's no vowels,
but you would say the Yahweh.
>>NOORY: Yahweh.
>>SEREDA: And then the
First Nations would call it
[NON-ENGLISH].
See, it has a similar
abruptness and vibration.
But we would say you must have
a different god because we're
using a different word.
But underneath word
is tone in pitch.
And underneath tone in pitch
is a numerical frequency that
produces the tone in the pitch.
So when I took measurements
using the true royal cubit
inch of the Holy of Holies,
the cube in Solomon's temple
where the Ark of the Covenant
is stored, where the staffs are
laying inside, the
number I got using
the most repeatable and
reliable 20.605 per royal cubit,
the Holy of Holies
comes to 34.34 feet.
>>NOORY: Let's
look at the tie-in
between the Staff of Moses
and the Ark of the Covenant.
[BEGIN PLAYBACK]
[RAIN AND THUNDER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- So with the Ark at 51.5215
inches and the Staff at 51.5125
inches and Noah's
Ark at 515.125 feet,
we know they operated at the
same wavelength and frequency.
That means they are
in communication
with the Great Pyramid.
Could they be drawing
off the pyramid's power?
Does the staff holder gain
access to all of that power?
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: David, how
would they figure this
out thousands of years ago?
>>SEREDA: Well the master
architect is obviously God,
because what we see happen--
first of all, the Great Pyramid
of Egypt is not Egyptian.
Not a single hieroglyph or
inscription was found inside.
>>NOORY: Don't tell
Zahi Hawass that.
>>SEREDA: I know, I know.
Exactly, exactly.
And my theory is if you go
to the tone level of language
and then you go to the
frequency level of language--
and frequency is a wavelength--
the Holy of Holies of
Israel in Solomon's Temple,
the wave length--
if you take the 20.605 royal
cubit inch which appears in 14
places in the Great Pyramid.
It's repeatable and reliable.
Whereas all the other
cubit measurements are not.
We know in the book
of Ezekiel when
the angel appears with
the Staff to Ezekiel
coming out of the giant wheels
within wheels spacecraft.
>>NOORY: They had
one, too, didn't they?
>>SEREDA: He says a cubit is
a cubit and a handbreadth.
So that's elbow to fingertip
plus a handbreadth.
It is a symbol, because
everybody is different, right?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SEREDA: But that
makes a royal cubit.
But the Bible doesn't
call it a royal cubit.
So most Hebrew scholars go wrong
and use the old 18-inch cubit.
And in fact, that now
there is a movement
to build the new temple,
Ezekiel's temple,
and they're going to use
the 18-inch cubit, when
the angel said, no, it's
a cubit and a handbreadth.
>>NOORY: Which is
what the 15 inch?
>>SEREDA: Which is
20.605 inches per cubit.
Because in the Great
Pyramid, according to Peter
Lemesurier's book "The Great
Pyramid Decoded," in 14 places,
the 4-1-2-1, 41.21 inches,
is two royal cubits.
And because that's consistent,
consistent, consistent,
whereas the Egyptian
measuring rods range
between 20.6 and 20.8 plus
inches, meaning the Egyptians
didn't know it
exactly themselves
because they didn't invent it.
The reasons their
rulers varied is
they were studying
the Great Pyramids
measurements to try to find
out what was a true cubit.
>>NOORY: Why is the
length so important?
>>SEREDA: The length is so
important because if you get
the length wrong,
the Holy of Holies,
which measures to 412.1 inches,
the most common measurement
in the Great Pyramid is the
4-1-2-1 So there is the Holy
of Holies at 20 royal cubits
by 20 cubits by 20 cubits,
that's 412.1 inches.
That ties the Holy of Holies
to the Great Pyramid math.
Right?
So the reason it has to be exact
is the underlying number always
produces two codes, either
the 4-1-2-1 or the 5-1-2-5.
So the pyramid slope angle is 51
degrees 51 minutes 25 seconds.
Now the Ark of the
Covenant and the Staff,
we know from the Book of
Hebrews 9:4 are the same length.
So therefore, they're
the same frequency.
So the length is 2 and 1/2
cubits times 20.605 inches is
pyramid number 5-1-5-1.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's assume you were there
during this time period.
You have a staff, what
do you do with it?
>>SEREDA: You train with it.
Your nervous system, as you hold
it, as you're herding sheep,
you slowly start to
calibrate at the frequency
that the Staff
antennae represents.
And at that frequency,
once you master it,
once your nervous
system masters it,
you are now going to receive
divine communication.
>>NOORY: How does
that come to you?
>>SEREDA: It comes to you--
when you say
telepathic, we now know,
because Fritz-Albert Popp--
>>NOORY: For example, when
Moses got the 10 Commandments,
did he get it this way?
Did he have the Staff then?
>>SEREDA: He always
had the Staff.
He had the Staff when he
traveled with his family.
It says in the
old books of Moses
that Moses always
traveled with the Staff.
So it's kind of like
you get on the donkey
and you get the family and
you never forget the Staff.
It's like Jesus
says in Mark 6 you
don't forget your staff
because that keeps you
in that calibrated
communication state.
So that when Moses then
goes up on to the Sinai,
he's using his antenna to
call down God onto the Sinai.
And then God knows his position.
Now the staff is
emitting the frequency
so that we could, then,
in the future, if I could
go near the Ark of the Covenant
where it's hidden today
and I emit the correct
frequency through the Staff,
that wavelength will fit inside
of the Ark and switch it on.
>>NOORY: And do what?
>>SEREDA: I believe
a pillar of light
would come out of the
sky, because that's
what the Bible tells us
when the Ark was traveling.
The pillar of light
came out of the sky.
And it would identify
the Ark's position,
the missing position--
>>NOORY: Merely because
of the frequency.
>>SEREDA: Merely because the
frequency would switch it on.
Because they're
the same frequency.
>>NOORY: We were always
told that if you dabbled
with the Ark of the
Covenant the wrong way,
you could get
electrocuted or killed.
They talked about that.
>>SEREDA: Well, the
Bible says that you have
to be electrically grounded.
You have to have
an ankle bracelet.
And that it goes around the
ankle that then would either--
the Staff, as soon as--
see when Moses is
lifting the Staff,
he's positive transmitting.
>>NOORY: It's like
a lightning rod.
>>SEREDA: Right.
And then when he sticks
it in the ground,
he's negative receiving.
Now to touch the Ark, you have
to be electrically grounded.
>>NOORY: Or?
>>SEREDA: Or you'll die.
So if you have the
Staff in your hand
and you put it in the ground,
you can then touch the Ark.
That grounds you electrically.
Just like your house, you
have to have a grounding rod,
otherwise all your appliances
will radiate into your house
and may give you cancer.
But the Ark is so
powerful, because I
believe it had the 12
staffs inside as the charge.
It had the tablets--
>>NOORY: Like the one
you just showed us.
>>SEREDA: Like the
one I just showed you.
And then it was so powerful
because of the gold lining.
The gold is an insulator
so it traps the waves
so the wave can't get out.
And that acts as an
electrical capacitor.
The charge won't
leave the Ark until it
has a conductor touch it.
And because you're a conductor,
I'm a conductor, if we touch it
and we're not grounded,
we'll burn to a crisp.
This is really interesting.
In Graham Phillip's
book on Merlin,
he says Merlin
crosses the Atlantic.
Now Stonehenge
sits at 51 degrees.
>>NOORY: Like the pyramid angle.
>>SEREDA: Like a pyramid angle.
Area 51.
50 states in the United States.
And the 51st state is
Washington DC hidden.
The 5-1 is the sacred number.
All the crop circles
in England, 51 degrees.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>SEREDA: They're all north
and south of the line.
And a degree is
like 67 miles wide.
So you've got that
swath of the degree.
So according to Graham
Phillips, Merlin
crosses the Atlantic
on the 51 degree line
and stops in Labrador, right?
>>NOORY: All right.
>>SEREDA: Now the legend
is that the Ark traveled
with the Knights Templar
and it moved around
into what was then Gaul,
what we call France today.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SEREDA: And all
these stations where
it's stopped, they always
had to keep it moving,
because they didn't
want to get caught.
They didn't want the
Ark and the Staff--
>>NOORY: They were hiding it.
>>SEREDA: They were hiding it.
And that new theory is that it
crossed the Atlantic, probably
with Merlin on the
51 degree line,
and the Staff is 51.51 long.
And they now have
a theory in that it
exists in Newfoundland, Canada.
I mean there's an area where
they're digging in there.
And you know the
Shag Harbor UFO case?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SEREDA: On the
map, the Shag Harbor
is so close to where they're
now digging for the Ark
that I believe the Shag
Harbor UFO case is actually
a craft that's guarding
the area there.
>>NOORY: So you think
it's related to that?
>>SEREDA: There could
be a connection there.
Again, you know, this
is a hypothesis, right?
So why did Merlin
cross the Atlantic?
Stonehenge is 51 degrees.
And then he crosses and he
lands in Labrador, Canada,
at 51 degrees north latitude.
And then that is the theory
where the Ark lays today.
So
If I had the Staff in my
hand and I had it plugged in
and I'm transmitting--
at a distance, because it's a
radio communication device--
the Ark is the same size.
It will receive that
frequency in it.
And it will switch it on.
And we'll find the Ark.
That's my theory.
>>NOORY: Let's go back
and look at it as it's
related to the pyramids again.
And again, it all has
the similarities to it.
Do you think the
pyramids, do you
think they were the antenna for
all of these staffs sending out
frequencies?
>>SEREDA: I think the pyramid
was powered to generate
frequencies in a slope tuner.
I've actually measured
all of the frequencies
of the Great Pyramid from under
the ground to the ground level
to the cap to the top.
And they're all
harmonic numbers.
So Tesla would make
a coil as a cylinder.
And if you remember,
when I was a kid,
you get a toilet paper roll.
You wrap the copper
wire around it.
You get a little diode.
And you get a little rod.
Put the earbud in.
And you slide the
rod up and down--
>>NOORY: Till you
got your frequency.
>>SEREDA: Till you got
your radio station up.
So that the pyramid is a slope
tuner in that the frequency
changes every step you go up.
Right?
Because the wavelength
gets shorter and shorter.
So the shorter the wavelength,
the higher the frequency.
The longer the wavelength,
the lower the frequency.
But when I calculated the square
wave frequencies on the base
of the Great Pyramid,
I got 4-1-4-1.
>>NOORY: Which means?
>>SEREDA: It's the
step down from 5-1-5-1.
Right?
And then I got 6-1-6-1, 7-1-7-1.
>>NOORY: Now tell me what the
basis of the communication
was for.
>>SEREDA: I believe the
communication basis was
to communicate with God in an
extended bioelectric telepathy,
so that God's positioning
in this craft,
in this giant spaceship, would
know where the Israelites were,
could communicate to Moses,
turn left, turn right,
because God is above.
Don't go that way,
the armies are coming
this way, that kind of thing.
>>NOORY: Part the sea this way.
>>SEREDA: Part the sea.
Go this way to part the sea.
And the Staff would
emit such a huge charge.
In fact, there
are great examples
I've seen in the military
where they use radio
emissions from an
antenna and they
can cause waves to do this--
water, salt water to react.
Why salt?
Salt, it's a crystal.
Right?
So I've seen these old military
videos of radio waves causing
turbulence in the sea.
So if Moses' Staff is
emitting the frequency,
if God switches on the frequency
from the pyramid to the Staff
in the same way Tesla's
Wardenclyffe Tower would send
electrical power to
an antenna receiver--
and you can receive
real electrical power--
then the staff
holder's Staff is then
going to transmit into
the sea and we're going
to get a reaction in the seas--
>>NOORY: Did they have an
advantage by having that?
>>SEREDA: A huge advantage.
>>NOORY: Dendera
lights, what are they?
>>SEREDA: The Dendera
light, again, I
believe is what's called an
electrical inductor, which
is a little bit different
than an antenna.
An inductor works--
if I have a coil here,
and this has power
in it, so let's say
the Great Pyramid has power.
And then I have another coil
here that has no power in it.
The coil with no power gets near
the one that's emitting power.
This will start to have power.
So in the same way,
in the Dendera tablet,
in the carving on the wall
in the temple at Dendera,
we see the recipient
sitting underneath it.
>>NOORY: That's in Egypt.
>>SEREDA: It's in Egypt.
And you'll see them receiving.
Their hands are
in receiving mode.
So I don't believe
they're just doing
a demonstration of turning
on the giant light bulb.
I believe they're
transmitting frequencies
into the body in
the same way I'm
able to use the light
stream wand that I invented,
which has rubies and has
tourmaline in the core.
When I hold this, I can induct
healing frequencies in the body
and treat disease.
>>NOORY: All right.
Well, let's illustrate what
the Dendera lights really are.
[BEGIN PLAYBACK]
- The most widely cited evidence
that the ancient Egyptians used
electricity is a relief
beneath the temple of Hathor
at Dendera, Egypt, that depicts
figures standing around a large
light bulb-like object.
The socket is
represented by what
appears to be a lotus
flower with a stem that
runs like a cable along
the bottom of the device.
Inside the bulb is
a snake-like line
winding its way out of
the lotus flower socket.
According to supporters of the
hypothesis that this depicts
an electrical light, such
as Erich von Daniken,
the snake represents the
filament of the bulb.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Von Daniken created
a working model
of the bulb in the
laboratory which works,
emitting an eerie,
purplish light.
He used the same measurements,
including two metal beams
that look like arms stretched
into the big end of the bulb
and a wire connecting
those beams
with the sockets
at the other end.
But where did the
power come from
to light the bulb
in ancient Egypt?
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That's a
key question, David.
Where did the power come from?
>>SEREDA: Well, you see the
little four [NON-ENGLISH]
rings, like I have on the
staff, that's actually a symbol
for a power transformer.
If you look at power
transformers today,
you'll see these
ribbed sections.
So that appears
to me that we have
a transformer in the
bottom part of where
we call the Dendera bulb.
>>NOORY: What time period
are we talking about there?
>>SEREDA: Oh, you're talking
you know over 5,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: So they
had electricity.
>>SEREDA: I believe they
used the electricity
to induct in the coil
of the giant bulb
to cause the electrons in the
pyramids to become excited.
And when they
become excited, they
start to rotate
and emit radiation.
I don't believe it
was a light bulb,
because you wouldn't-- to
light a room, you could have--
>>NOORY: It looked
like a light bulb.
>>SEREDA: What's that?
>>NOORY: It looked
like a light bulb.
>>SEREDA: Well, see
it does initially
except for even the symbol
today for an inductor is a coil.
A light bulb requires two--
an anode and a cathode and
then a coil in between them.
So you have a positive
and negative charge.
And we only see one coil
going through the center.
>>NOORY: So what would
they be using it for?
>>SEREDA: To induct
electricity into the pyramids
to switch them on, so that
they then become giant crystal
oscillators.
And a crystal oscillator that
size, I believe, at the apex
would open up a portal just
above the pyramid for moving
through different dimensions.
>>NOORY: Maybe--
>>SEREDA: So a far greater
purpose than a light bulb.
>>NOORY: Maybe it allowed
ETs to come through?
>>SEREDA: Right.
To have the gods--
see, there are two aspects
of the way a flying saucer
or anti-gravity craft work.
One is actually the
lift of the craft.
And I believe I know this
is the final secret to how
anti-gravity works which is
the actual container traps,
just like the Ark
of the Covenant,
it traps the wave
energy inside of it.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SEREDA: Right?
I had great conversations with
my former boss Bogdan Maglich,
who is a nuclear
fusion scientist.
And I said what did you make the
container of the fusion machine
out of?
And he said steal.
And I said, well, that's wrong.
>>NOORY: You told
him that was wrong?
>>SEREDA: I told
him it was wrong.
And he said, you're right.
He said we should have used
the metal of all metals which
is tungsten.
Because tungsten will block
the wave from getting out.
So you lose all of your
power in nuclear fusion
by emitting through the
wall of the container.
So the secret to levitation
according to my friend Boyd
Bushman at Lockheed Martin
in the Roswell Incident
was the container.
Everybody thinks it's the
coil and the power generator.
It's actually the
container, because you
have to trap the wave.
The second part of the UFO
is how it quantum leaps out
of space.
So we're like fish
under water right now.
Right?
if you have two fish
under the water,
and they want to move fast,
the faster they wag their tail,
they push on the
water and the water
makes them heavier and
heavier and they can't go.
We're the same.
When an aircraft
goes through the air,
it encounters drag,
resistance, against air.
Air is like water.
>>NOORY: I fly enough.
Tell me about that.
>>SEREDA: Right?
I skydive from 30,000 feet
doing 300 miles an hour.
And as soon as you hit
the lower atmosphere,
your face masks
start shaking just
like you jumped into a lake.
So space is like that.
We need to get out of space
to move faster than light.
So space is like
we're underwater.
So the second
aspect of the UFO is
when you trap a wave,
you form what's called
a quantum tunneling event.
And a quantum
tunneling event happens
when you trap a wave in a
material and it can't get out.
Right?
The pyramid has so much
insulation in the Kings
and Queens chambers here,
you've got granite and limestone
trapping the wave
into the chamber.
So I believe once you had
the Dendera bulb or the Ark
of the Covenant inside it--
>>NOORY: Or they called
it a want, too, right?
>>SEREDA: Right.
Or a wand.
The energy would get so
dense in that chamber
that it would form a
quantum tunneling event.
And it would physically
open up a portal
and move the person into these
alternate dimensions where
you can move way, way faster.
>>NOORY: From
point A to point B.
>>SEREDA: Yeah.
And I believe,
actually, at this point
that all the pyramids
over the planet
were like different
radio stations
to physically move persons,
because we have evidence--
>>NOORY: But did you have
to be in a craft to move?
>>SEREDA: No.
What I'm saying is that
aspect of the craft
is the pyramid itself.
>>NOORY: Is it like
a time machine?
>>SEREDA: The pyramid itself
could move forward and backward
in time when these charges
were developed inside
of the chambers.
And they could also physically
move a person from one pyramid
to another on the planet.
>>NOORY: If you were
looking at the pyramid
in those days and it was
turned on, would it glow?
Would it illuminate?
Would you see
something happening?
>>SEREDA: See, that's
a great question.
And I've asked that
same question to myself.
And there is one
time when people
witnessed a pyramid the Egypt
being struck by lightning.
And it formed an ionizing
purple aura around it
that lasted several minutes.
So that gave me the clue
that the way transistors work
on a tiny scale,
as we take quartz
and we layer it with
conductor materials,
and then the
transistor when it was
born in 1947 by Will
Shockley, John Bardeen,
and Walt Brattain, which is
interesting because that's
the time of Roswell.
That little tiny chip
called a transistor
changed the entire world.
>>NOORY: David, let's talk
about crystal spaceships.
[BEGIN PLAYBACK]
- Did the God of
the ancient world
appear to the prophets in
a huge flying spaceship?
Was this giant craft
of God and the angels
used to block out the sun during
the crucifixion of Jesus Christ
and the miracle of the sun
at Fatima, Portugal, in 1914?
In the Book of Enoch, the
first biblical prophet,
Enoch is taken to
heaven in spirit
and comes before a mighty throne
with the jets of fire rushing
underneath as if
this throne were
a spaceship about to take off.
Was this throne actually
a crystal spaceship
that took Enoch from Earth?
"I looked and I saw a windstorm
coming out of the north.
An immense cloud with
flashing lightning
and surrounded by
brilliant light.
The center of the fire
looked like glowing metal."
Was this metal the
structure of a craft?
Did the prophets
communicate with God
in these giant crystal
spaceships with their antenna
staff?
The Gospels make it
clear Jesus was crucified
during the Jewish
festival Passover, which
always is celebrated during
a full moon in the spring.
But a new moon is needed
for a solar eclipse
to occur, making
the theory that it
was a solar eclipse
causing the skies to darken
for three hours.
The dark part of an eclipse of
the sun is only a few minutes.
So how do we explain
three hours of darkness?
Unless we consider the theory
that a giant craft of God
blocked out the sun in
the local region only.
It is a little known that Jesus
used the same Staff as Moses
in the Bible.
Mark 6, Jesus urges
the disciples never
to forget their staffs.
Exodus 4:20, "And Moses
took his wife and his sons
and set them upon a donkey.
And he returned to
the land of Egypt.
And Moses took the Staff
of God in his hand."
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: That is the crux
of all of this, isn't it?
How they traveled here,
why they travel here--
>>SEREDA: And how
and why we lost that.
>>NOORY: The technology's gone.
>>SEREDA: The ancient
technology is gone.
And I hope to bring it back.
>>NOORY: Is it gone because
they took it and left?
>>SEREDA: It's gone because
we lost touch with it.
The Holy of Holies that
stored the Ark of the Covenant
that stores the Staff was
destroyed by the Romans
in around 60 AD.
And that's the last
time there was a temple.
And a temple in itself
is a frequency tuner,
because it's cut in
certain dimensions
to generate a frequency that
rotates inside of the temple.
So we lost all that.
We don't have a new temple.
We don't have that connection.
And we also don't
honor the Staff
in Christianity and
other religions today.
We don't use it as an
antenna to extend or own
psychic abilities to commune.
But we do know
the UFOs are here.
We're seeing them all the time.
I saw one as a kid when in 1968.
And once you see one with
your own eyes, you're--
>>NOORY: Oh, it changes
your whole perspective.
>>SEREDA: It changes you
because no one can tell you
what you saw and what the
other people in the street
saw it wasn't happening.
So we know there's
someone superior to us
observing our Earth.
The question is how do you
make real physical contact
with them?
And I've been able to do
that myself building devices
and calculating frequencies--
>>NOORY: You have been
doing that for years now,
haven't you?
>>SEREDA: For years, we took the
NASA radius of five Pleiadian
suns.
And with the radius,
you can calculate
the frequency of the star.
And then I transmit that
frequency into my body.
And lo and behold, they appear.
I've had them appear
right in front of me.
>>NOORY: You're like
a human calling card.
>>SEREDA: It's like, literally,
And so we did it was Sirius,
because NASA knows the radius
of Sirius A and B perfectly.
And if you were out in
space, you would look back
at Alpha Centauri,
Sirius, and our sun
and we would be a constellation
of three major dots of light.
>>NOORY: You know,
when they talked
about these secrets of Fatima
and that so many people
witnessed what they said
was the sun coming down.
>>SEREDA: Right.
>>NOORY: Now we know
that's not possible.
>>SEREDA: Not possible.
>>NOORY: I think they were
looking at what you think
and that was some
kind of spaceship that
was in front of the sun
giving it that perception
that the sun was coming down.
And then it went back
up and it was gone.
>>SEREDA: Right.
But that would disturb
Christians greatly
to know that God is traveling
in, say, a crystal spaceship.
I say crystal because
the visions of--
>>NOORY: I don't think
they want to hear that.
>>SEREDA: Yeah.
They don't want to hear
that God is in a spaceship.
They want God to be
omnipotent and just
be able to just materialize
and dematerialize.
But when we think
of the crucifixion
and how it doesn't match
with a solar eclipse--
they know this now with
astronomy time clocks going
back-- there is no
eclipse over where
Jesus was crucified to explain
the three hours of darkness.
But if a giant craft
hovered above the site
and stopped for three hours and
received Jesus' body of light,
then we would have consistency
with the descriptions of Enoch
the first prophet being taken
into this giant, spherical
crystal spaceship.
And then going forward
to the prophet Ezekiel
and the giant wheels
and the burning brass,
he actually saw burning brass.
>>NOORY: Oh, something happened.
There's no question about it.
>>SEREDA: So when you go to
Fatima, Portugal, in 1914--
and Fatima is the name
of Muhammad's daughter--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SEREDA: And Muhammad also--
>>NOORY: Which means Fay
in Arabic, by the way.
>>SEREDA: Which means what?
>>NOORY: Fay.
F-A-Y.
>>SEREDA: Oh, wow.
Wow.
>>NOORY: My aunt
was called Fatima.
>>SEREDA: We'll see
no one even noticed
that's not a Christian name.
Muhammad said that the Staff
was equated to the Resurrection.
Muhammad always
walked with his Staff.
So that event is tying
the prophet Muhammad
to Christianity.
And Muhammad says
in Surah 42:13,
you cannot make war with
Christians, Jews, and Muslims.
So there's supposed to be peace
between all these religions.
But I believe in Fatima--
you're right-- there's
no way the sun did that
on the whole planet,
because there's
no other points of perspective.
So it had to be an orb--
>>NOORY: We'd burn up.
>>SEREDA: --that aligned
and started strobing.
>>NOORY: I mean they
all saw something.
There's a newspaper
article of that era
of a picture of something
that they're all staring at.
Something dramatic
happened, but I
don't think it was the sun
physically coming down.
>>SEREDA: You see the
problem with science
is it thinks it's the
authority on consciousness.
But it's actually
a conscious human
that invented science to
quantify what it's observing.
>>NOORY: But, David, what if
our entire perception of God
is wrong in that God, we think
of as this omnipotent being
out there.
And maybe there is
one that is that way,
but that what
we're talking about
and what people are witnessing
are extraterrestrials and craft
that we consider to be
angels, gods, because we
don't know any better.
Is that possible?
>>SEREDA: Because we
don't know any better.
When you see the angel that
appeared to his Ezekiel,
his staff was six cubits.
So that's like 10.3 feet.
So he would have been a giant.
Just like in the
Dendera light, you
see the giants holding the
tube and the little humans.
They're not children.
We know they're not children,
because we can see breasts
on the women.
So they're not children,
but they're little.
So if we were to see a giant
god like that today, or even
a king--
[NON-ENGLISH] was
eight feet tall,
bigger than Shaquille O'Neal.
I mean if I saw Shaquille
O'Neal and I'm six feet tall,
I'm a shrimp.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SEREDA: So when you see
somebody who's 8 feet tall,
they're like gods.
And even when I was--
>>NOORY: Goliath was that way.
>>SEREDA: Right.
David and Goliath.
So when I was in India with the
Dalai Lama, he was telling us
in his seven day teaching that
if a god or goddess appears
to you, you Buddhists,
in their flying craft,
basically, don't worship
them as the almighty God.
Be friends with them,
but they're not--
>>NOORY: They're not God.
>>SEREDA: He was warning us.
It's like don't stay away
from them, be their friend,
but they don't think because
they're superior to you
that you have to fall
down and worship them.
>>NOORY: So if we think
everything we've done
was based on God
and it ends up only
being a different layer
of extraterrestrials,
that doesn't negate the
possibility of a God, though.
>>SEREDA: No, it doesn't
negate the possibility of God.
And when you look at like how
big your energy field gets--
if you measure the
human aura at 30 feet--
we have sensitive
SQUID magnetometers.
At Dartmouth College,
they prove the human heart
has a magnetic aura, a field.
And if you think of a
god or even a Buddha
or a superluminal being having
an aura as big as the planet,
when your auras get
bigger and bigger,
you become more powerful in your
ability to manipulate nature.
So a little human with
a small magnetic field
sees that God changed the
weather, parted the Red
Sea with his Staff.
We say, oh, my god, that must be
the God of the whole universe.
But now when we zoom back and
we see how big the Milky Way
galaxy is with over
100 billion suns,
and each sun is emitting
more power than any human
could interface with--
I mean we would burn to a crisp
on a tiny fraction of the sun's
energy--
for the god to be the god
of the whole universe,
nobody could interact with it.
It's too powerful.
>>NOORY: Where does
this take us, David,
in terms of our
perception of the universe
and our perception
of what God might be?
>>SEREDA: Well, where
it takes us for me--
I mean I've been meditating
every day for 40 years.
I'm 57 years old this year.
And my experience is
that as your aura becomes
more tuned and
more purified, you
start to experience supreme
levels of ecstasy and qualities
in the nature and in
the landscape around you
and in people.
So as that quality
expands, you start
to ask yourself the question,
how do I as a human today
reach out and make contact?
And I've been exploring the
ideas of using frequencies
with my body, no plants,
no drugs, just frequencies,
drinking my tea, and
doing my meditation.
And for me my religion
is mystic Christianity.
How do I personally
make contact.
>>NOORY: You're a believer.
You're a believer.
>>SEREDA: Oh, I'm a
believer in Christ.
I mean I've had my own
experience with him.
And I'm convinced he's
supremely, blindingly powerful,
which is what I saw.
But how do I know--
>>NOORY: It's divine.
>>SEREDA: --what the next
levels of the universe are?
How do I make contact?
The most frustrating
thing about being a human
is it's just us down here.
>>NOORY: Will prayer
get you there?
>>SEREDA: Prayer is in
itself is immensely powerful.
But I found that, ironically,
that there was a reason
the ancients used the Staff.
It is a tool to make
you more powerful.
When you raise it, when
you raise an antenna,
you're positive
electricity emitting.
When you stick it in the ground,
when an antenna is grounded,
it's receiving.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SEREDA: So you
have two antennas.
You have a positive emitter
and negative receiver.
>>NOORY: You think we'd be
better off today walking around
with these staffs,
these antenna staffs?
>>SEREDA: I think if people,
if they train with me,
and people can get
them from me, and they
start to work with them, the
experiences I've had with them
are out of this world, already.
The personal experiences.
>>NOORY: And what's
your website, David?
>>SEREDA: My website
is holyresonance.com.
>>NOORY: Which is what we
saw on some of those clips.
>>SEREDA: What you
saw on the screen.
It's my new website.
And also davidsereda.net.
So holyresonance.com
and davidsereda.net.
>>NOORY: And you provide
these staffs to people?
>>SEREDA: This is the first one.
We're ready to give them to
people, sell them to people.
>>NOORY: And how
will they use it?
>>SEREDA: Well,
they'll get trained.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SEREDA: See, to
use the frequencies
of the Holy of Holies,
you do step frequencies.
Just like a pyramid
has steps, you
start with a lower frequency,
higher, higher, higher.
And as you go higher, you
start to perceive more.
>>NOORY: Could it be
used as a healing device?
>>SEREDA: I believe so.
We know that frequency heals.
And that may be--
>>NOORY: And by the way, I felt
a rush when I was holding it.
>>SEREDA: Oh, you did.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>SEREDA: Oh, good.
Well there was a lot of
energy coming through.
>>NOORY: And you saw the spike.
>>SEREDA: Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
No.
You've now been tuned.
I ran through you the 5.151.
>>NOORY: I'm going to
part the Red Sea tomorrow.
>>SEREDA: You never know.
>>NOORY: David, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>SEREDA: Thank you.
>>NOORY: I appreciate it.
Fascinating work.
You always bring us
fascinating work.
And in parting,
what would you tell
people who are on the fence
and may not believe all this?
>>SEREDA: Well,
for me, you know,
when I was baptized
at four weeks old,
and which I remember, I
said to the guy in my mind--
which I couldn't even
articulate with my lips--
>>NOORY: Four weeks old?
>>SEREDA: Yeah.
I remember it perfectly.
I said you don't even
know what you're doing.
You're blind.
You're a believer,
but you don't know.
>>NOORY: You said this
at four weeks old?
>>SEREDA: In my mind to him.
And today, I say to
the people sitting
on the fence is don't
sit on the fence.
Jump one way or the other.
You're lukewarm
sitting on the fence.
Try something out.
Try and make contact with
your form of god or goddess.
Reach out.
Don't just sit
there on the fence.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
David, thanks again.
>>SEREDA: Thanks.
>>NOORY: Fascinating,
fascinating.
You know, I've always watched
old biblical movies of Moses
walking around with his staff.
And I always tried to figure out
why is he holding this thing.
I thought maybe it was
like a walking cane.
Well, we find out it's
much more than that.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]